Experiments and the Truth 

  

Having to explain this one last time... 

Everyone is in this 

  

Chastity and Sept 11, 2001 

  

The morning started unusually today. I am awakened by the TV news. In the bedroom, there was a monitor. The sight of what appears to be two concrete towers, 

one obscured with smoke. I recall the blue sky. I honestly do not understand what is going on. A morning yawn and eye rub is necessary. Not sure why this specific 

channel is selected. Supposedly a plane hit the "World Trade Center" in "New York City." Why would I care about what is happening all the way in New York City? I am a 

child, If I did not understand then I really did not care! It could have been an accident. Out of nowhere, a second plane hits the second tower. There is a huge fireball 

on the side of the building. Panic amongst society. The monitor may be an illusion. The reaction amongst those around me is what made me have an eye opener. A second  

airplane hit the "World Trade Center." These twin rectangular concrete towers are now obscured by grey smoke. I wonder if "Fuller" my teacher is aware. I wonder if 

"Ringer," my principal, is aware. I am concerned with video games, television, movies and playing with friends. From rumors, it seems today everyone is watching 

television to see what is happening in "New York." So now, I am not someone who wants to have sex at my age. I think that stuff corrupts the spirit. I do not completely 

understand my own responsibilities or roles within my family. I may want to play outside. I am thinking about kid activities or maybe even homework. One of the towers 

begins collapsing into an obscured ball of smoke. There are critical concerns among adults. In a sublime way, I was living my life. A worry is just getting this 

"common cold." I will talk about anything that threatens my life at this point. I ended up going through the school system. Outside of my family, I spend a lot of time 

at school with teachers, substitutes, bus drivers, lunch ladies, janitors, assistant teachers, classmates and some neighbors. I met a lot of drifters for my classmates. 

Some of my classmates were my neighbors. Now I am concerned about getting a fungal infection where boys should not have them. Some of my other teachers were usually 

"Hayes," "Johnson" or "Trantham," library staff, hallway staff and recess staff. "Jivan" and I have some ailments to deal with. My house is shared with many different 

individuals.  

  

Scabies 

  

I started the 2002-2003 school year with "Mr. Klein" and principal "Waltz." Klein shares information about me that he should not be sharing with my classmates. He is 

bald and wears glasses. He has an issue with me leaving the classroom. Later on, he tries to spin things. I spend a lot of time with my cousins "Laura," "Frank," 

"Clemente" and "Johnny" at the residence. Klein has an issue with my ailment. I am shocked that the school has someone like him around us. Anyway, I ended up having an  

infection in the skin, I guess "Laura" was spreading something. The infection spread to Jivan as well. Issues aside, this was a parasitic mite that infects the skin. 

Just got a bit itchy. There are small bumps on skin that end up itchy. A medication that seemed to be cream had to be applied. I recall applying it in the same room 

when I saw the towers collapse. It really BURNED for some reason. Luckily, I ended up being okay. "Michelle's" family had been spreading diseases. "Michelle" is a friend 

of "Laura." For activities I ended up meeting coach "Crafton." I have teammates that I meet. Coach "White" and his son "Connor White." The seasons come and go. 

  

"Sally's" Questioning 

  

For the 2003-2004 school year I meet "Mr. Caleham," he was old yet beefy. I officially met the counselor "Sally." "Caleham" may have had an issue with me doing too much 

printing in the library. I would meet Sally to be a mediator. School yard stuff outside, one day "Sally" begins questioning nastily about my classmates' shirt. I get 

into a verbal trap where it punishes me for some reason. I was treated unfairly for the time. I did not forget that. It occupied the school. I was mistreated until the 

point where I cried. I will not forget its old face, manly outfit and haircut. 

  

Crowded Middle School 

  

From 2004-2007, I would enter the middle school system in my town. This is riddled with drifters, many teachers, many classmates, former teammates, counselors, coaches 

and many experiences to jot down. There are new office staff. There are too many individuals to jot down here. As I get older, I begin to understand my role in my 

family. I meet but not limited to "Capperella," "Haberberger," "Fisher," "Sharp," "Swick," "Torgeson," "Tillery," "Miller," "Johanson" and "DeYoung." The trimester 

system is confusing. My role is to be concerned about my progress report. I did not like conference time to prevent an abusive situation. "Payne" was also someone I 

would meet. 2005, I meet "Chadwick," "Yochum," "Boggs," "Buckingham," "Olsen," "Johnstone" and a communication teacher in " Capperella's" old classroom. 

I met "Hamilton." "Chadwick" was pregnant so"Chadwick" was not around much. There was a substitute teacher instead. Beginning 2006, I would meet "Lukehart," "Rex," 

"Gradek" and "Deturk." Coach "Early" was not my teacher but is one. Coach "Robbins" and some other coaches were there. I met Mr. "Templeton" as well. Because of "Deturk" 

and "Crafton" I met "Graham." Coach "Graham" is what I know him as. I knew the counselor staff so, then I met Mr. "Vicknair." Sometime when I met "Vicknair" I decided 

to attend a new academy that the school district was going to do. I forgot to mention that I met coach "Graham" when I met coach "Crafton," coaches I met through 

athletics and recreation. Through "Fisher" I met "Mary Alice Russel" the Superintendent. I spent a lot of time with "Fisher" and "Haberberger." Not sure why the school 

district treated me like a king. I went through the system feeling misunderstood, rather than feeling mistreated. "Sharp" was the name of a janitor and a wood shop 

teacher. Not sure why the wood shop teacher was counting paper and glue. Being honorable kind of alienated me in a way. I had a promotion towards the end of the school 

year. Middle school ends so the season starts, then my high school transcript begins. "Johnny," "Clemente," and "Jivan" was with me. "Torgeson" gave me a farewell, 

while the family gave a disrupting cheer. 

  

The New Academy 

  

Now when I entered middle school, the responsibility of material amount was greater but nothing I could not handle. The start of the school year in 2007 begins. It was 

chaotic, crowded and troublesome. The new academy had to share a location with the traditional high school system. We had a shorter lunch. Lunch cafes were shared with 

the crowded traditional high school. Sports and bussing systems were shared. The school district begins constructing an elementary school that looks like jail from the 

outside. I met the principal, I think "Lori Michelle" at the academy. The teachers are "Ramey," "Wolf," "Wright," "Payton," "Payne," a miserable "Barsotti" who I felt 

misunderstood by and a shared "Olsen." It is difficult to recollect any other teacher. I forgot the names. There was difficult material that was made harder by mischief 

and a lot of distractions. My language classes were changing all the time. I struggled with reading, writing, spelling and speaking. A lot of students skipped school. 

Back in middle school, "Tillery" would pull me out of class to congratulate me in his office. I thought stuff like that was out of nowhere. Barsotti has a conference 

with a family member of mine. Now it is 2008. I tried to enter the traditional school system. I thought about the stuff Mr. Vicknair told me I could do. The elective 

classes seemed fascinating. "Klein" is a landlord which I forgot to mention. "Johanson" would give me an unfavorable "B," which I never understood. 

  

Dentists and Family Medicine 

  

Since September 11th, 2001 I see several doctors for various ailments. I met Dr. "Oliver" who was a dentist. Not sure about the origins of this, or what Dr. "Oliver" 

would foresee my ailments around the time I entered middle school. At the beginning of 2007, during the school year I would see Dr. Jan Radzik who began diagnosing a few 

things. He gave me a bit of a scare, but I had to go to see "Deturk" at school. I felt I met these doctors such as Dr. "Oliver" and Dr. "Jan Radzik" because of someone 

else's marriage. 

  

Traditional High School 

  

So sometime around the school home coming in late October 2008 or early November 2008, the powers that be received my progress report. Let us just say those powers were 

not happy. Halloween had come and gone. Not sure if principal Dr. "Olsen," counselor "Green," "Buczynski," "Alvarez," "McAnally," "Gower," "Eklund," "Masselli" and "Nooy" 

noticed the slippage. The powers seemed hypochondriac but showed super strength in their madness with me. My iPhone 3G was stripped from me so I could not take photos. 

The school was partially under construction. My residence had a neighboring school that looked like a jail. My brother attended it. School was crowded. Students would 

skip to watch the debate between "Obama" and "McCain." The Twilight book had been out, but now the Twilight movie will be out. Long story short around Thanksgiving time 

I would buy a bold, blue Hurley shirt at the mall. 

  

Mysterious Illness 

  

Sometime around Thanksgiving and December 1, 2008, I would become unusually tired and late into "Eklund's" class. Daylight saving must have gone by or something. This 

mandate of a Tdap vaccine is the last thing I had on my mind. The school district had mandated something that was given to me in the new jail-looking school. This is 

"Tranthum's" new classroom, a gym. Brother was given a nasal spray by these ladies administrating drugs and syringes. I think they were ladies. Having no camera was 

strangely convenient. I have an onset of amnesia, tiredness, focus issues, concentration issues, memory loss, sleepiness, brain fog, eye strain, serious confusion and  

heavy breathing is not normal since I am athletic. This would go-on day after day. My grades began to slip. Not sure how the principal, counselor, "Eklund," and the 

teachers did not realize this was going on. I went to the winter formal with three other school mates of mine days later. No photos were taken. I watched 

"The Day the Earth Stood Still" with "Keanu Reeves." The daytime was short. Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Year's Eve came and went. A family member was pregnant; I 

theorized this person was seeing Dr. "Barker," an OBGYN. 

  

Jan 1, 2009 

  

It was New Year's Day. Shortly after enjoying this holiday, my brothers and I would be taken, with a "Honda Accord" to a place. Not sure where we are at. I do know that 

my brother was not driving. I was not driving. Last December I was dealing with other ailments such as chills, night sweats, swollen nymph nodes, and scary jaw issues. 

Near the movie theaters is a large parking lot next to a place called "The Physician's Medical Center." My two brothers and I were brought through glass double doors, 

by two family members. There was a waiting area. I want to be on my twin bed. The fatigue has been taking its toll on me since November. My hair is usually maintained  

until now. There is a receptionist at this clinic. We would see a pediatrician. So, the staff opens the door that leads behind the counter. I was brought in there. My 

two brothers were witnesses and so were two family members. We are behind CLOSED DOORS taking vitals. I do have four witnesses in the immediate presence. I must take off 

my shoes, hop on a weighing-scale and have my height taken. Maybe not pee. I am taken into a clinical room with no windows. I felt like my brother and I were being 

treated as twins. There are tight blood pressure cuffs, the smell of sterilizing soap, otoscope, ophthalmoscope and a smooth, flowing faucet. The clinical bed is high. 

The five of us are in a clinic room with an assistant. There is children's stuff around.  

  

Dr. "Koenig." 

  

Accents aside in English, in comes a tall stranger. About six foot six inch bald individual. This individual has a fat nose, pale complex, brown eyes, eyeglasses and 

professional shirt, pants and shoes. I hear a deep voice and there maybe even be a stethoscope. The assistant lingers by. The fluorescent lighting is disturbing and 

straining the sight. This doctor is a pediatrician. A hefty, overweight one. Everything is freakishly clean here. The assistants are good-looking. Not seeing 

"McAnally" embarrassing me about leaving his classroom seems like a moment I was enjoying. Were here because of my infant brother. I felt like my health has been 

collapsing since November. A popping jaw made it scary to eat and drink. I felt somewhat slow, confused and fatigued. A concerning blood pressure numbers was read. 

There is a jaundice since I met Dr. Jan Radzik. Me having to go pee may have been an issue for "McAnally" back at school. "McAnally" is having trouble being a coach. A 

brother of mine must pee frequently too. I wanted to be on my twin bed, not here. The whole time I have not been doing the talking. A fungal ailment I have been dealing 

with for several months now, it is on a foot. I had to hear the conversation between my family and this doctor. Not sure where I got the fungus from. A shoe, maybe. I 

could use coffee. One family member was not at work fighting and arguing at a company called "Eleet Corp" today. The family member had been going through seizures since 

a vacation back at the beginning of the school year. 

  

Experimental Tdap 

  

Back in November when a vaccine was administered - I came with an onset of what felt like a swollen throat. I had to lay down on the couch, but it was gone by the next 

morning. I can say this was experimental, the mandate of this vaccine. I guess a family member brought me to get vaccinated because of the nature of the work at "Eleet 

Corp." I would hear the word "recession" a lot. Maybe Dtap or flu, I was watching 6teen. 

  

Occupants and Protocols 

  

A family member wanted to talk about her concerns with our medical conditions to Dr. "Koenig." I felt infantile; I was patient literally, to let her speak. I have been 

patient and respectful while I am sitting on the clinical bed. The newborn seems like a power play. There are power play forces here. I happen to be short. Hearing her 

accent is annoying to be honest because of lies and exaggeration. Now officially meeting Dr. "Koenig" at this time, which has been about an hour since we were here. The 

clinic door is usually closed. The assistant is managing that. From what I can tell, Dr. Koenig is petty and I am about to explain the evils of the medical system. This 

is the beginning of a long journey of what I am about to deal with. My childhood is about to be ruined by the misery of this Dr. "Koenig." He became a primary care 

provider. The "Physician's Medical Center" is very greedy. I am sent on this medical runaround. I would meet other doctors, go through constant syringe tests, do urine 

tests, get mail from "Physician's Medical Center." I am going to deal with time consuming travel and expensive travel expenses. The healthcare I am receiving is an 

institution that has failed me at this moment. There is medical negligence and generalized misdiagnosis. Two medications that were prescribed to be would have side 

effects of THEIR own. Anyways, the school term would end with a progress report card. Two weeks of snow would cancel school. My family takes me to meet Dr. Rozansky at 

a different hospital. I bring up my concerns and I guess "Dr. Koenig" is an "officer," if I heard that correctly. I go on this long journey to meet Dr. "Nguyen," 

Dr. "O'brien" and Dr. "Delaughery" at different locations. I would get stabbed with a syringe while at "Willamette Valley Medical Center" during a test with 

"Dr. O'Brien" at the cancer center. Another mandating of vaccines because of "Swine Flu." There are syringe tuberculosis tests. Syringe tests with Dr. "Deloughery" 

and Dr. "Rozansky." I met Dr. "Austin." I feel alienation with Dr. "O'Brien." I volunteer at a hospital which explains the maroon vest. Now dealing with the mysterious 

illness is why I mention being slow and having fatigue. I have been dealing with a mysterious illness, fungus, jaundice, jaw issues and the side effects of medication 

that was given to me for ailments. My responsibilities were getting greater because of dual enrollment at school. About 99.99 percent of the days that would go by, I 

would be dealing with all this. I felt cursed with the tiredness of it all. When I spoke about this Dr. "Koenig," would say "It is all in your head." I have been 

outspoken to my family in the "Honda Accord" about wanting to leave school. Something was wrong. Seeing "David" at the medical lab was not pleasant at  

"Physician's Medical Center." I am not dead, so the blood draws and syringes have me feeling like a guinea pig. "David" and "Maricela Reyes" really love blood vials at 

the medical lab. This was absolute suffrage and martyrdom. Not sure if the school district noticed this. Teachers like "Scanlon," "Brunette," "Shultz," "Scholer" 

maybe should have noticed. I got mistreatment from "Syring," "Keinonen" and "Cunningham." I think "Weaver" is a bit of a weirdo in the library. It angers me that my 

brother had to deal with this Dr. "Koenig" character. I ended up meeting "Casillas" instead of "Green." Not sure why this has happened at school. Neck and back pain 

aches may have been part of the experimental vaccine stuff. I never saw the H1N1. I think "Davis" and "Shipley" were up to some fishy business. Being a child meant I 

could not vote; I wonder if the federal government knew this had been taking place. A class on the federal government was not needed. School propaganda has been an issue. 

Because of this mysterious illness, I started drinking coffee. My development crippled in a way. Now an experimental swine flu vaccine was being offered by 

"Yamhill County Public Health." Dentists have been paid a visit. 

  

"Rozansky" 

  

So, I met "Rozansky" back in 2009. When I mentioned the mysterious illness, he just laughed. My brothers were with me. 

  

The High School Athletic "Compartment Syndrome" 

  

There was a moment when the team was hospitalized. I happened to be volunteering at the hospital but did not show my face due to shyness. 

  

The Money as of November 2008 

  

The following entities have been profiting from mysterious illness and martyrdom: "Dutch Bros," "Physician's Medical Center," "Willamette Valley Medical Center," 

"Oregon Health and Sciences University," dentists and fuel companies. These entities have made a lot of money, by charging me. I could not believe what the billing 

statement said. 

  

Misery and Pettiness 

  

I want to make this very clear Dr. "Koenig" at the "Physician's Medical Center" has been making the decisions behind closed doors. Medical negligence from the staff at 

"Physician's Medical Center," clinics and hospitals has been a concern. I have been alienated, ostracized, mistreated, ignored, belittled and dismissed when I would even 

speak up about symptoms. I am told I am crazy or accused of being gay by Dr. "Koenig." I was feeling my weight had gained a bit from 2008 to 2009. As of 2008, there had 

been months and years of suffering. I had to deal with fatigue at work. The days of body aches had me in lamentation at times. Matters seemed trivial, suffrage was 

"emotional" and I have been misunderstood. 

  

Witnesses, Suspicions and Revelations 

  

I mention these individuals because they are not adults but witnesses to the situation, "Jivan" and "Alek." There is suspicion about "Frank," "Laura" and my own family. 

Because of suspicion, I have to fulfill a promise; Everyone is in this book, everyone is in this book. "Timothy McVeigh," and "Tuskegee." Another witness is society. 
